This House would ban all forms of animal testing.
This House believes that social media platforms should be regulated by the government.
This House supports the legalization of euthanasia.
This House believes that governments should implement a universal basic income.
This House would prioritize climate change over economic growth.
This House believes that the death penalty should be abolished worldwide.
This House would make voting mandatory.
This House believes that the media should be required to give equal time to all political perspectives.
This House believes that military intervention should never be used for humanitarian purposes.
This House believes that free speech should have no limitations.
This House believes that the use of plastic should be completely banned.
This House believes that the right to privacy should be prioritized over national security.
This House believes that the government should provide free healthcare for all.
This House supports the idea of a four-day workweek.
This House believes that technology is making us more isolated.
This House believes that education should be free for everyone.
This House would eliminate the use of fossil fuels by 2050.
This House believes that voting should be restricted to those who have a basic knowledge of politics.
This House would implement a global carbon tax.
This House believes that countries should adopt open borders policies.
This House believes that artificial intelligence will eventually be more intelligent than humans.
This House believes that child labor should be abolished globally.
This House believes that celebrities have a responsibility to use their influence for social good.
This House believes that public transportation should be free.
This House believes that all prisons should be abolished.
This House believes that freedom of speech should be restricted to prevent hate speech.
This House would make it illegal to use smartphones while driving.
This House believes that companies should be forced to disclose their environmental impact.
This House believes that the voting age should be lowered to 16.
This House believes that universal healthcare is a human right.
This House would make it illegal to eat meat in the future.
This House believes that the government should regulate food advertising.
This House believes that the rich should pay higher taxes.
This House believes that global warming is the most important issue of our time.
This House would grant universal suffrage to all individuals regardless of gender.
This House believes that all citizens should have a right to affordable housing.
This House believes that all countries should adopt a single currency.
This House would ban all forms of plastic packaging.
This House believes that the education system should be reformed to focus on emotional intelligence.
This House believes that governments should implement a wealth tax on the ultra-rich.
This House would ban all forms of surveillance by private companies.
This House believes that online platforms should be held accountable for misinformation.
This House believes that hate speech should be punished with jail time.
This House believes that the military should be abolished.
This House would abolish the use of nuclear weapons.
This House believes that fossil fuel companies should be held responsible for climate change.
This House believes that the right to vote should be tied to an education requirement.
This House believes that all citizens should be required to perform community service.
This House would replace all prisons with rehabilitation centers.
This House believes that the use of genetically modified organisms in food should be banned.
This House believes that censorship is necessary for the protection of children.
This House would eliminate all tax breaks for the wealthy.
This House believes that parents should have the right to choose the school their children attend.
This House believes that countries should impose strict limits on immigration.
This House believes that all political leaders should be required to undergo psychological evaluations.
This House believes that social media should be regulated as a public utility.
This House would remove all laws that discriminate against the LGBTQ+ community.
This House believes that human cloning should be banned.
This House believes that mental health care should be free for all.
This House believes that education systems should prioritize skills over knowledge.
This House believes that universal basic income would lead to economic stagnation.
This House believes that democracy is the best form of government.
This House believes that freedom of speech should be limited in times of national security threats.
This House believes that nations should provide reparations for slavery.
This House would impose sanctions on countries that violate human rights.
This House believes that genetically modified foods should be labeled for transparency.
This House believes that women should have the right to abortion in all circumstances.
This House believes that all governments should adopt net-zero carbon emissions by 2030.
This House believes that democracy is a flawed system of government.
This House would ban the use of cryptocurrencies in international trade.
This House believes that surveillance capitalism is a threat to privacy.
This House believes that a strong national defense is more important than diplomacy.
This House believes that citizens should have the right to access government surveillance data.
This House believes that freedom of expression is a universal right.
This House would make climate change denial a punishable crime.
This House believes that the war on drugs has been a failure.
This House believes that animals should have the same rights as humans.
This House would make voting a legal requirement for all eligible citizens.
This House believes that technological advancements should be regulated to ensure social equality.
This House believes that education systems should teach more about the environment.
This House believes that all countries should embrace a fully renewable energy policy.
This House believes that the minimum wage should be a living wage.
This House believes that nations should give asylum to climate refugees.
This House believes that prisons should focus more on rehabilitation than punishment.
This House believes that the rise of automation will lead to mass unemployment.
This House would abolish all forms of private property.
This House believes that science fiction can influence societal progress.
This House would give citizenship to artificial intelligence entities.
This House believes that the United Nations should have more power in global affairs.
This House believes that all political campaigns should be publicly funded.
This House believes that space exploration should be a global effort.
This House believes that women should be required to serve in the military.
This House would ban all forms of gambling.
This House believes that all children should have access to free meals at school.
This House believes that human rights should override cultural practices.
This House believes that online gaming should be regulated to prevent addiction.
This House would make the sale of arms to foreign governments illegal.
This House believes that a universal language should be adopted globally.
This House believes that free trade agreements are detrimental to developing nations.
This House believes that technology should be used to enhance education.
This House believes that police forces should be demilitarized.
This House believes that democracy is not the best form of government for every country.
This House would eliminate all public monuments celebrating controversial historical figures.
This House believes that government should regulate social media algorithms.
This House believes that charity should be replaced by government welfare programs.
This House believes that the military-industrial complex is a threat to peace.
This House would make it illegal to possess more than one house.
This House believes that public figures should be held to higher moral standards.
This House believes that technology should be open-source for public use.
This House believes that the rise of nationalism poses a threat to global peace.
This House believes that the internet should be a free and open space for all.
This House believes that police should be banned from using military-grade equipment.
This House believes that education should be tailored to the needs of the individual.
This House believes that all countries should invest in space exploration programs.
This House believes that the government should control the media.
This House believes that individuals should have the right to die with dignity.
This House believes that the government should mandate the use of renewable energy sources.
This House believes that capitalism is incompatible with environmental sustainability.
This House believes that the world should adopt a universal basic education standard.
This House believes that universal healthcare is the key to a successful society.
This House believes that the government should protect workers' rights over corporate profits.
This House believes that universal basic income would undermine the work ethic.
This House believes that all citizens should be required to learn a second language.
This House believes that poverty is a result of systemic inequality.
This House believes that the government should provide free internet access to all citizens.
This House believes that there should be no limits on immigration.
This House believes that animal rights should trump human interests in certain cases.
This House believes that big tech companies should be broken up.
This House believes that the education system should be less focused on standardized testing.
This House believes that all citizens should be provided with a basic income.
This House believes that all corporations should be required to pay a living wage.
This House believes that we should abolish all forms of government surveillance.
